So, let's discuss sector a bit.
The random forests can still work with categorical features that are numbers.
For instance, to filter features by sector five,
is possible for a tree to learn to split on a sector less than six and then below that,
split on sector greater than four.
So, one of the reasons tree-based models are greatest is because they can
still try to interpret data that hasn't been fully cleaned or processed.
However, it's still best practice to one-hot encode
categorical features as this will help to
reduce noise and hopefully help them model's performance.
So, you'll one-hot encode the sector with sector labels in the project.
Please see some code here that can be useful when you
assign a categorical labels to each sector.
So, we'll be importing some table,
and then we'll just do some processing so that you can see
healthcare is actually sector_id zero for instance.
So here's more sample code that you can use in the project.
So one question is,
are there other features here that you could also one-hot encode besides sector?
If so, you can try to one-hot encode them in the project.
Now, let's see if we can improve date features.
Now, the low-frequency date parts like end of month
and end of quarter have low importance based on our rankings.
So this should not be surprising since we are
looking at only a couple years of training history,
and there are only say,
four quarters in a year.
End of month trading activity may actually occur
some days before the last business day of the month.
So to better capture what we think of as end of month trading,
we can try including the last five business days of the month and similarly,
we can try including the last two weeks of each quarter.
So go from a single day to either the last five days or the last 10 trading days.
So here's some helper code that you can use in
the project to help you try to enhance your features.
So, we can use BDay to offset our date range by a specified number of business days,
and also here is documentation for
frequencies to choose from such as monthly or quarterly.
So here's an example that you can use
to help you understand how to use it in the project.
There's also the union function which you might find it
useful as well to union these date-time indices together.
Now, the last note is about pruning features.
In the project, you'll try to improve some of
the features and then check their feature importance is.
See if they change if at all.
Then you can prune your feature list and that means you choose
the features that you really want to use in your model and you discard the rest.
Here's the link to the solution notebook,
and I wish you best of luck on your project. Thanks.